adjust version numbers (#547)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-install-setup.adoc

== Install the build host and register it to {susemgr}

> Your build host should be a Salt minion, running {sls}{nbsp}15 SP1.

Reviewer: This is not correct

It should be 12 SP3 or SP4 for sles12 images (SP4 recommended)
and 11 SP4 x86_64 for sles11 images

Author: ok, I'll change that accordingly.

> For instructions to install Salt minion, see xref:client-configuration:manual-registration-overview.adoc[]..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions to install Salt minion, see xref:client-configuration:manual-registration-overview.adoc[].
```

> For instructions to install Salt minion, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/client-configuration/manual-registration-overview.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions to install Salt minion, see xref:client-configuration:manual-registration-overview.adoc[]..
```

You can create system groups using the {susemgr} {webui}.
Navigate to menu:Systems[System Groups] and click on btn:[Create System Group].

> For more information about system groups, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/reference/systems/system-groups.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about system groups, see xref:reference:systems/system-groups.adoc[].
```

[[retail.sect.install.branch]]
== Install the branch server and register it to {susemgr}

Your branch server should be installed as a default Salt-based client ("minion"), running {susemgrproxy} 4.0.
With a limited feature set, {susemgrproxy} 3.2 is also possible.

[WARNING]
====
Do not install the branch server as a traditionally managed client.
====

// Wondering whether that's actually meant...
// ke, 2019-06-19

> For instructions to install Salt-based proxy minions and register them to {susemgr}, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/installation/install-proxy-unified.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions to install Salt-based proxy minions and register them to {susemgr}, see xref:installation:install-proxy-unified.adoc[].
```

. The image details will be transferred to [path]``/srv/saltboot`` on the branch server.

[[retail-install-setup-11sp4terminals]]
== Terminals based on {slsa}{nbsp}11 SP4

POS Terminals based on {sls}{nbsp}11 SP{nbsp}4 can be deployed in much the same way as other terminals, with a few differences.

* You must use the {slsa}{nbsp}11 template
* {slsa}{nbsp}11 images need to be activated with the [systemitem]``SLES11 SP4 i586`` and [systemitem]``SLEPOS 11 SP4 i586`` channels

> 

Reviewer: It should really be SLES11 SP3 i586 because of LTSS, see
https://github.com/SUSE/doc-susemanager/pull/472#discussion_r288090193

Author: I do not completely understand it.  Would it be enough if I'd just revert line 164?  Or all the other SLE 11 SP3/SP4 related changes in this file as well? @nadvornik

Reviewer: revert whole section -  from line 157 to 185

Author: ok, done
